#1182 add warning note for node driver deletion on vmware (#1242)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/new-user-guides/authentication-permissions-and-global-configuration/about-provisioning-drivers/manage-node-drivers.md

1. In the upper left corner, click **☰ > Cluster Management**.
1.  In the left navigation menu, click **Drivers**.
1.	On the **Node Drivers** tab, select the driver that you wish to activate or deactivate and click **⋮ > Activate** or **⋮ > Deactivate**.

:::danger 

You can lose access to clusters after deactivating a node driver.

Deactivating a node driver doesn't just affect its visibility in the Rancher UI. When you deactivate or delete a node driver, any nodes deployed with that driver become inaccessible. 

For example, if you deactivate a vSphere node driver to hide it in the UI, and you have a vSphere cluster that was deployed with that driver, the initial node in the cluster will fail, and the entire cluster will become inaccessible. Attempts to delete the vSphere nodes will fail, with nodes stuck in an extended `Removing` state.

Before you deactivate a node driver, make sure that it has no associated clusters. One way to check is to see if the respective platform for a driver is listed among your clusters:

1. In the upper left corner, click **☰ > Cluster Management**.
1. Select **Clusters**.

> 1. The **Provider** name is the fourth column of the table on the **Clusters** page.

Reviewer: I think we should drop the column number to avoid it being incorrect if there are any layout changes in the future.

```suggestion
1. Check the **Provider** column of the table for instances of the node driver you are deactivating.
```
